<h2>Claude's Paying Users Have More Than Doubled</h2> <p>Anthropic reports explosive
consumer growth in 2026, driven by Claude Code and smart
marketing. <a href="https://techcrunch.com/2026/03/28/anthropics-claude-popularity-with-paying-consumers-is-skyrocketing/">Read more →</a></p> <h2>Apple Discontinues the Mac Pro</h2>
<p>The Mac Pro has been pulled from Apple's website with
no replacement announced. The Mac Studio effectively ate its market.
<a href="https://www.macstories.net/linked/apple-discontinues-the-mac-pro/">Read more →</a></p> <h2>SoftBank's $40B Loan Signals OpenAI IPO</h2>
<p>A 12-month unsecured loan to fund OpenAI investment suggests lenders
expect a public offering within the year. <a href="https://techcrunch.com/2026/03/27/why-softbanks-new-40b-loan-points-to-a-2026-openai-ipo/">Read more
→</a></p> <h2>YC Demo Day Highlights</h2> <p>From moon hotels to cattle
herding — the Winter 2026 batch covered a wild range.
<a href="https://techcrunch.com/2026/03/28/from-moon-hotels-to-cattle-herding-8-startups-investors-chased-at-yc-demo-day/">Read more →</a></p> <h2>Whoop Pivots to Health Monitoring</h2> <p>The
wearable company wants to move beyond elite athletes to become
a life-saving health monitor for everyone. <a href="https://techcrunch.com/2026/03/27/whoop-has-lebron-now-it-wants-your-mom/">Read more →</a></p>